Welcome to a new video
I want you from me today too
five more practical ones
psychotricks introduce you first of all
Run as a team and I think we
start directly with the first tweet as
First I want you control task
Imagine is free in Cydia
available and the control center
pull up and here one side to the side
pull
then we see six in the ios
multitask the different apps
currently open in multitasking
to me it's these five and the daughters
just click and then open
this really very practical i can
also access it from any app
by simply using the control center
pulling up
we still have one
setting possibility in the
Settings for the tweet control task
I just click on I can
here still select that this
individual roles play a role
ask and I can here from the five
apps per page otherwise that should be
only four that is possible in the
I find settings very convenient
controllers should be on each device
be installed every case
the next track means front
and I open a folder once and
You definitely see that
The background is gone like me
already with another tweet
but this has three
functions
First of all, then I can go through two
just close the folder so finger
a pin room klose function and the
third feature is that in the folder
can create another folder
I simply count it in the folder
another app in the other one
folder and I'm coming now
Just get out of here and then
back in the last years I think
quite practical we have in the
settings the possibility these three
activate functions
We just click on it then
here this first fulda all folders in
folder and 4 beck and that can
We then depending on what we have
want to enable and disable
So a pretty handy tweak
maybe you could do it from the top already
see
even if I'm not very close yet
zoomed in with the trick dogs
you see that the individual actions yes
shine a little
I think now it's still something
better to recognize so we see here
for example behind the music facebook
safari type board in there there lights
behind the app it's a lighter
shimmer and that's just with logo
I think that's quite possible, so I can see it
actually quite cool from under 17
especially if still in the background
then just this talk is displayed
this slightly transparent has the whole
just a single jaw that in the
folders some apps also light up
but then that's what I think
not so bad looks in the
folder quite chic should, however
actually only in the dock next to it
the next step is called doubt
Maybe some action already from
ios 6 known and this tweak
makes writing easier for us
or correcting texts
we can do it instead of with
the loupe here to look for anything
we can just go with it on the keyboard
pull our finger back and forth and
then the right one accordingly
then hike to something
correct
I think that's pretty cool
a very nice extension around
faster to correct something
because the magnifying glass is sometimes already
quite cumbersome and works too
not so good in some apps
when i am in safari and i am there
under google and would like something there
looking then often missing this magnifying glass or
does not appear at all or what do I know
So there it is still very packed
and that works with 2 collection
definitely better i can easily
Going back and forth is easy and
fast and not too big
bugs here under ios so i like it
quite good is free in cydia
available
as a last match on a winter board
ios six draw him
and the whole thing works under 17
needs winter board and would have that
whole then in winterberg active me
show you the whole also like
Once we get him here in the harvest board
and will be here under select him that
first off so is sexy and that
So also works on than me
Accused and you see that mine
So how, for example, our driver
music app then here the setting
phone app store itunes store here
Photos calendar and so were all
so adapted to the camera app videos
and so on, really
quite a bit is yes how should
So I say something looks
strangely located under ios 7
since we are just this latest
have a blog
but I think that with a few
then update these apps a bit too
be customized so that's a little more
fits into it but overall find
I for all the 17 icons too colorful
or too confusing it is up
every case a pretty good one
team and looks cool too
It does not really bother me that that
not quite adapted but could
but something else was done
become
but overall we asked many
whether they also install 16, so to speak
Can get back on your device by the
jailbreak just about a goal and
that's already over this
ermotti possible that you were already
again my incompatible switzerland for
today
if you liked this video and
her the next day and the next
days to see such a video again
do you want to give the video but please
a thumbs up writes in the
comments which one clicks you best
liked and if he has another 1 7
compatible tricks you know like you can
Subscribe to my channel for more
follow videos via facebook and twitter
and then see us at the next video
again bite